---
title: Tools I Like
layout: page.hbs
---

# Text Editors

My primary text editor of choice is now Atom. It might crash twice a day and
still not be able to open large files but the ability to run a Node server right
in the editor has vast and important meaning. Also the terminal plugin is
fantastic along with the best in class linter environment. I also use Sublime
Text 3, Visual Studio Code, and Vim when I'm in the terminal. I use Vim mappings
on pretty much everything.

# Programming Fonts

Programming fonts are a nice little hobby horse of mine but I have a single face
that continues to be my primary for quite some time now,
[Pragmata Pro](http://www.fsd.it/shop/fonts/pragmatapro/). I like the narrow
geometry that allow me to fit many columns on screen in the terminal and editor.
It seems expensive but 90%+ of programmers are going to be able to get by with
the Essential version, which is what I own. If you need real power features like
ligatures and additional console drawing tools, Pragmata Pro's featureset is
truly unmatched.

For free fonts, I like both [Mononoki](https://madmalik.github.io/mononoki/)
and [Iosevka](https://be5invis.github.io/Iosevka/), which is very similar to
Pragmata Pro. In my opinion Pragmata is still significantly better than Iosevka
at this point in time but the gap is closing rapidly. If you absolutely aren't
willing to spend a lot of money on a font, I wholeheartedly recommend you use
Iosevka instead. You're not going to get stuff like the cool Arabic support but
the language coverage is phenomenal and it has all the glyphs you absolutely
need. It even includes most of the programming ligatures that Pragmata has as
well.

# Terminal

There's really only one great option for terminal for MacOS and that's
[iTerm](https://www.iterm2.com/version3.html). On Linux, I usually use
Terminator.

# Hardware

My main machine now is a Mid 2015 Macbook Pro with a 2.8 GHz i7 and 16 GB of
RAM. It has a terabyte of flash storage, which is maybe the best feature.
Overall I like it a lot although I'd prefer moving to a lighter and smaller
laptop full time. Those new Macbooks are looking awfully nice right now.

I also have a PC tower used mostly for gaming that's an HP Envy 750. Very
impressive machine for an off-the-shelfer.
